Date: August 21, 2019

Dear Editor,

I wish to submit an original research article entitled "Comparative study on Performance of Different Substrates on Oyster Mushroom (Pleurotus ostreatus)" for consideration by Saudi Journal of Biological Sciences. I confirm that this work is original and has not been published elsewhere, nor is it currently under consideration for publication elsewhere. I have edited the article according to suggestions made in "Guidelines for Authors" section available on Elsevier's site.

In this paper, I show that utilization of fingermillet husk and rice straw as substrates for oyster mushroom cultivation can be a solution to the huge agricultural by products available. This is significant because higher amount of yield and biological efficiency was obtained in fingermillet husk and rice straw as compared to other substrates.

I believe that this manuscript is appropriate for publication by Saudi Journal of Biological Sciences because the study goes on a discourse on edible group of fungi (Mushroom), and specifically a well characterized taxa Pleurotus ostreatus. I assume exploring the details about living organisms, which fungi are an intricate and prominent of the parts, can yield much gain to existing knowlege of food systems. To my understanding, managing the source of nutrition and finding viable alternatives over existing ones for the same are some of the major concerns facing industrial agriculture today. This has a wide ranging implication from optimizing economic returns to providing ecofriendly solution to degradable wastes. The results from our study might be beneficial in utilizing agriculture by-products and also in increasing the yield of commercial mushroom on a more directly observable front. Indirectly it can help in solving the nutrient deficiency problem in rural areas by providing protein requirement to the farmers and also in the upliftment of status of farmers as the crop is a good source of income.

Thank you for your consideration of this manuscript. 

Sincerely,

Deependra Dhakal
Master in Science (Agriculture)
Department of Genetics and Plant Breeding
Agriculture and Forestry University
Chitwan, Nepal
Phone no: +977-9845333283
ddhakal.rookie@gmail.com
